batimat for loxam it's already a long
history since those of this must be the
seventh or eighth edition at
which we participate besides
we are the only generalist renters
and specialists
effectively
be present on the stand of batimat and
in the time
actually then we have two
stands more precisely on this
batimat edition a booth at
the interior that is actually our offer
generalist and we also have a
stand outside for our subsidiary
specialized loxam up there tech subsidiary
specialized in systems
elevation of people goods
winches scaffolding this kind of
motorized platform things on this
2013 batimat edition
the accent was undeniably
about the extent and richness of our
range since actually we have at
total nearly 35,000 materials that are
dedicated to our building clientele
so here obviously we are not exposing
35000 material but it is not exposed near
of two hundred which is four times
more for just memory that
our at our last
presence so at the 2011 edition so
the goal is really to
to be able to show the batimat visitor
that we are with them for the
accompany in their profession to
daily and on all specialties
that can actually
that can be found in the sector of
building so we have materials
which will cover the soil treatment
sanding as well so soil
concrete wood floors everything that is
sawing and coring
worn also do not door
also focus this time on
power tools and especially
everything that is electric since
actually in matters of two we're going
to say of green offers or material
that meet the new standards of
the environment the portable electro that has
makes a lot of progress these last
time is a solution more and more
operational to meet the needs
of our customers
one of our strategic axes is
to develop our clientele
from building professionals and
especially artisans and tpe
so it's clearly in the target of
visit of the batimat visitors
that's why we
are systematically faithful to
appointment batimat